Migrated event handling documentation (#3974)
AxonFramework/AxonFramework: docs/reference-guide/modules/events/pages/event-processors/streaming.adoc

All combined, the Streaming Processor allows for decoupling, parallelization, resiliency, and replay-ability.
It is these features that make the Streaming Processor the logical choice for the majority of applications.
Due to this, the "Pooled Streaming Event Processor," a type of Streaming Processor, is the default Event Processor.

[NOTE]
.Default Event Processor
====
Which `EventProcessor` type becomes the default processor depends on the event message source available in your application.
In the majority of use cases, an Event Store is present.
As the Event Store is a type of `StreamableEventSource`, the default will be the Pooled Streaming Event Processor.

If the application only has an Event Bus configured, the framework will lack a `StreamableEventSource`.
It will fall back to the xref:event-processors/subscribing.adoc[Subscribing Event Processor] as the default in these scenarios.
This implementation will use the configured `EventBus` as its `SubscribableMessageSource`.
====

> The Pooled Streaming Event Processor (PSEP for short) is the recommended streaming processor implementation in Axon 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Pooled Streaming Event Processor (PSEP for short) is the recommended processor implementation for most users.
```

public class AxonConfig {
    // omitting other configuration methods...
    public void configureProcessorDefault(EventProcessingConfigurer processingConfigurer) {

>         processingConfigurer.usingPooledStreamingEventProcessors();

Reviewer: This configuration block is incorrect. We don't have the `usingPooledStreamingEventProcessors` method anymore at all.

[source,properties]
----
axon.eventhandling.processors.my-processor.mode=pooled-streaming
axon.eventhandling.processors.my-processor.source=eventStore

> axon.eventhandling.processors.my-processor.segment-count=4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
axon.eventhandling.processors.my-processor.initial-segment-count=4
```

public class AxonConfig {
    // omitting other configuration methods...
    @Bean
    public ConfigurationEnhancer tokenStoreConfigurationEnhancer() {
        TokenStore tokenStore = JdbcTokenStore.builder()
                                              // …
                                              .build();

>         return registry -> MessagingConfigurer.with(registry).eventProcessing(

Reviewer: Yet again a wrong code sample using the non-existing `MessagingConfigurer#with` method.

> Check out <<sequential-processing,this>> section to understand how to influence the sequencing policy.

Reviewer: This sequencing policy section notes nothing of the new `@SequencingPolicy` annotation that can be used per event and class. Furthermore, it still talks about the `SequentialPerAggregatePolicy`, which is simply not true as that's not an option for DCB. This section needs a more rigorous rewrite for sure!

public class AxonConfig {
    // omitting other configuration methods...
    @Bean
    public ConfigurationEnhancer sequencingPolicyConfigurationEnhancer(SequencingPolicy<EventMessage<?>> mySequencingPolicy) {

>         return registry -> MessagingConfigurer.with(registry).eventProcessing(

Reviewer: Yet again a wrong code sample using the non-existing `MessagingConfigurer#with` method.

> ==== Tracking processor threading

Reviewer: We should drop the `TrackingEventProcessor` threading description entirely. The `PooledStreamingEventProcessor` description should be the only one left.

public class AxonConfig {
    // omitting other configuration methods...
    public void configureThreadCount(EventProcessingConfigurer processingConfigurer) {
        processingConfigurer
            .pooledStreaming(pooledStreaming ->
                pooledStreaming

>                     .processor("my-processor", components -> components

Reviewer: Autodetected is invoked incorrectly again.

> == Multiple event sources

Reviewer: Support for the `MultiStreamableEventSource` is to be implemented in 5.2.0. So, I think we should omit this entire section for now.
